as word of our successful raid spread
ped Zhang called me in you've bought
yourself some respect boy but there's
one more challenge before you earn a
place with us all you have to do is
circle the island within the line of
buoys and get back to the starting dark
before time runs out of course it
wouldn't be much of a challenge without
opponents so my best pilots will be
trying to slow you down and since gamal
is the current record holder he may be
especially motivated great i'll be sure
to wave when i pass him oh and you'll be
on armed then i'll dodge him
stay inside the line of boys beware the
opposing boats beat Kamal's time to the
finish line
stay with him the buoys
Oh problem
meet about time
Louise on your left
we're too close to the buoy be careful
keep out of their way
try to ram us
go further
we're too close to the boots be careful
you don't have a chance boy
we once I think about best time we were
still celebrating my victory when ped
Zhang called for me even though i'd left
gamal choking on my record time Zhang
looked furious I hope your victory was
more than beginner's luck boy especially
now that you've made captain you're not
surprised only that you didn't promote
me sooner hahaha lady Helen warned me
about your attitude but then you
wouldn't be much of a pirate without it
and he could use another cool head the
future looks treacherous something's
happened your brother lung has seized
power in the Northern League blood was
still running in the colonial embassy
when long decreed himself con gran
warlord of the new iron Empire I'm used
to death Chi but your brother revels in
it he always said he'd ruled the
Northern League I just didn't know how
far he was willing to go there's more
word has it that long has secured the
dragon's claw a magical weapon that can
destroy entire ships with one blast that
must be what he used to wipe out my
squadron I knew you'd held something
back there's more pirate in you than I
imagined my new command came with a new
ship a sleek 40 foot catamaran called
the Hellcat fully loaded with
high-explosive torpedoes and rockets and
now lady Helen talks to me directly she
likes to play a cool face to face but
I'm beginning to sense even hope that
there's more to her than charts and
strategy my sources tell me lung
controls the northern league Navy he's
been raiding the coast enforcing Jade
Kingdom shipping into our waters
it's easy plunder for now but your
brother will turn on us soon enough I
can hardly wait